banished from Earth Classic Game Room
broadcast from the intergalactic space
arcade on it's different ignition to
review everything
[Music]
welcome to Classic Game Room as sequel
week winds down we can't forget this one
it's the sequel to one of the most
popular racing franchises out there it's
Need for Speed two before Need for Speed
went underground Hot Pursuit most wanted
and turned into burnout it was once need
for speed and this is the second one
Need for Speed to on the Sony
Playstation an excellent 1997 racing
game with a nice list of licensed cars
like the McLaren f1 Ferrari f50 and the
it is Derek come in to tour a 112 I the
what it's not very good the car you want
in this game is the McLaren f1 no
question
the intro video is nicely produced and
really captures the spirit of this fun
arcade style racing game that's still
fun and playable today many many years
later
the car models are really good and while
there's not that many tracks the ones in
the game are extremely cool including
the super special secret track which
I'll show you later or maybe I'll just
show you right now if it's got UFOs and
dinosaurs it's got to be good how about
a trip through hell yeah it's got that
too
generally playstation one arid driving
games haven't aged all that well this
was the beginnings of 3d and few of them
come close to comparing to Gran Turismo
1 and to Need for Speed to does a great
job in for you late 90s racing
enthusiasts this one belongs in your
PlayStation collection this has 1 or 2
player gameplay a bunch of different
racing options like single race knockout
and championship it runs well and most
importantly it's fun to play it's still
fun to play and I think that's
impressive for a game from this era also
the music is rocking that 90s style
this also has a few cars you won't find
many other places like the Ford GT 90 I
can't think of any other game that has
the GT 93 too
god this even has cockpit view and it'll
work with the analog joystick I'm
playing it here on PlayStation 3 and I
like the GT 90 it's pretty good although
if you actually want to win races go
with the McLaren f1
it even has windmills can you think of
anything bad about windmills no no you
can't they belong in racing games
another thing that belongs in racing
games tunnels Need for Speed too has
those as well this game has it all
windmills and tunnels
the only thing that's missing from this
game is an outdoor patio seating area
with tables and umbrellas Oh oh no look
it's got that - wow they really did
think of everything sure the menus are
dated and it may not even be as good as
the original Need for Speed which was
incredible it reminds me of the old
test-drive games you pick a car and win
races it's done really well it's fun
you're not trying to outrun the cops or
crash your opponents I mean I can't
think of any other series and video
games any other franchise which has lost
its identity more than Need for Speed
what what is it now it's just a brand
that they put on top of other driving
games I have nothing to do with the
original Need for Speed
look no hands I'm driving telepathically
that's not to say that need for speed is
bad these days in fact I've enjoyed many
of their recent releases like Need for
Speed rivals but you don't know what
you're going to get with a Need for
Speed game anymore they could put the
brand on top of anything they can mix
any EA properties they want like dead
space with Need for Speed and you'd be
like oh alright well whatever now Isaac
is driving a Ferrari cool run over some
Necromorphs bring it actually at this
I'm pretty good doesn't it
if you can find it for a couple blocks
need for speed too is pretty good and on
that note I have a classic game room
shutout thank you to send to Kris from
Jersey City New Jersey there's the map
again I wanted to show the Deathstar
part of the track need for speed - it's
hard to say if this is better than the
first game which was excellent but it is
fun if you can find it for less than
five plots
you